---
---
Now, this is going to be a bit different from the usual post you guys see down here. I'm quite high right now and was reflecting on the things that made my teenage memorable. One of the great factors in that was the sheer success of Real Madrid. From the first win in 2014 (when I was 12 years about to turn 13) to the win in 2022, when I was 20 years old. Between all those years of wins and heartbreaks, I grew up. I mean, we had it all, 5 Champions leagues. Barca have 5 in their entire history! And then we went and won it 3 times in a row. I am positive that the chances of something like this happening in my lifetime are close to none. I know I can expect a few more trebles (hopefully one from us as well), but I do know that the 3-peat will be nearly impossible to replicate.

So, its a bit like a shooting star sighting, for many, it is going to be the only time in their lifetimes that they are going to see one. The shadows of Di Stefano, Puskas and Gento were always on the team, sometimes the sheer pressure of the white jersey weighed players down. But then a select squad of the most talented individuals on the planet decided to say that they will use the pressure to turn the sand into diamond. We had the players who could get the job done, who could say that even when the game is gone for most, we will somehow get in and score. We have come back from behind so many times that it can be no fluke, in fact, its an expectation that most Madrid fans have. The win doesn't feel as good when it is comfortable. Now, people will always reply with Pep Guardiola's Barca and that's not too bad a comparison. I mean, Pep Guardiola's Barca is like wine, it goes down easy and is easy on the eyes as well. Tik,Tak,Tik,Tak and then goal. Us on the other hand have always been a bit more Rock'n'Roll. Frenetic, powerful, and addictive to the very core. When the chips are down and a few decades have passed, this Madrid's team will gain perspective and the gravity of this win will be felt by everyone.

As a person, Madrid taught me the one single most important rule of life. Its not over as long as you got just a bit of juice in the tank, for one last counter attack. In the past decade, Real Madrid has been the home and every day I feel down, the glory of this team elevates me back up. Thank God for Real Madrid.
